Management
	Company Setup 
		General Settings
		Company Details
		Posting Period
		Doc. Numbering

Financials
	Posting Period
	Period Indicator
	Chart of Account 
	Journal Entries 
	Journal Vouchers
	Tax Groups
	Reports>

Inventory
	Item Master
	Item Group 
	Warehouses
	Price List
	Manufacturer
	Goods Issue 
	Goods Receipt
	Reports>

Business Partner Accounts
	Vendor 
	Customer
	Customer/Vendor Groups
	Sales Person
	Payment Terms
	Ship Type

Sales A/R
	Sales Quotation 
	Sales Orders
	Sales Deliveries
	Sales Returns
	Sales Invoices
	Sales Reserve Invoices
	Sales Down Payments
	Sales Credit Note
	Reports>
	
Purchase A/P
	Purchase Quotation 
	Purchase Orders
	Purchase Deliveries
	Purchase Returns
	Purchase Invoices
	Purchase Reserve Invoices
	Purchase Down Payments
	Purchase Credit Note
	Reports>

	
Payments
	Outgoing Payments
	Incoming Payments
	Payment on Accounts


	/**/
	1.	ADM
		a.	Initial Setup 
			i.	Company Setup *
			ii.	Document Numbering*
			iii.	Document Settings
		b.	General Setup
			i.	Sales Employees
			ii.	Commision Groups
			iii.	Users
		iv.	User Defaults
	
		c.	FIN
			i.	Chart Of Account*
			ii.	Currencies
			iii.	GL Account Setup *
			iv.	Projects
			v.	Tax Groups *
			vi.	Tax Code Determination 
			vii.	Withholding Tax

		d.	BP
			i.	Countries
			ii.	Address Format
			iii.	Customer Groups 
			iv.	Vendor Groups
			v.	Dunning Terms 
			vi.	Payment Terms*
		e.	Banking 
			i.	House Banks
			ii.	Banks 
			iii.	Credit Cards
			iv.	Credit Card Payment 
			v.	Payment Methods
		f.	Invntry
			i.	Item Groups *
			ii.	Warehouse*
			iii.	Length / Width UOM
			iv.	Weight UOM
			v.	Manufacturers
			vi.	Shipping Types
			vii.	Inventory Cycles
			viii.	Package Types


2.	Approvals			





3.	FIN
a.	Setup
i.	Chart Of Account* 
ii.	Tax Group*
iii.	Posting Period*

b.	Transactions
i.	Journal Entry
ii.	Journal Vouchers
c.	Reports
i.	


4.	BP
a.	Customer *
b.	Vendor *
c.	Payment Terms*
d.	Internal Recon



5.	INVNTRY
a.	Setup
i.	Item Master Data*
ii.	Item Group *
iii.	Warehouse *
iv.	Price List 
v.	Serial Number Management 
vi.	Serial Number Details
vii.	Batch Management 
viii.	Batch Details
ix.	Bill of Materials
x.	Alternate Items
xi.	BP Catalog Number

b.	Price List
i.	Price list *
ii.	Period and Volume Discount
c.	Transactions
i.	Goods Issue 
ii.	Goods Receipt 
iii.	Stock Transfer
iv.	Stock Transfer Request
v.	Inventory Revaluation 
vi.	Inventory Balances , Inventory Tracking , Inventory Posting
vii.	Pick List
d.	Reports
i.	

1.	A/P
a.	Purchase Quotation 
b.	Purchase Orders
c.	Purchase Deliveries
d.	Purchase Returns
e.	Purchase Invoices
f.	Purchase Reserve Invoices
g.	Purchase Down Payments
h.	Purchase Credit Note
i.	Reports>

6.	A/R
a.	Sales Quotation 
b.	Sales Orders
c.	Sales Deliveries
d.	Sales Returns
e.	Sales Invoices
f.	Sales Reserve Invoices
g.	Sales Down Payments
h.	Sales Credit Note
i.	Reports>


1.	PAYMNT
a.	Outgoing Payments
b.	Incoming Payments
c.	Payment on Accounts
